Adding note about sessions always being bound to browser's lifetime. (#31472)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/security-settings.asciidoc

`xpack.security.sessionTimeout`::
Sets the session duration (in milliseconds). By default, sessions stay active
until the browser is closed. When this is set to an explicit timeout, closing the

> browser will still require the user to log back in to {kib}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
browser still requires the user to log back in to {kib}.
```
